and now Warner Brothers invites you to a
summer place you'll be coming to this
Inn on a tiny private island off the
coast of Maine you have every reason to
believe that you'll come to a quiet and
fashionable summer resort and that your
fellow guests reflect the discrimination
of your host and so a word of caution
when you come be prepared to be shocked
to see and hear things you've never
experienced before in a motion picture
theater because this is the inn and
these are the people of one of the most
explosive bestsellers of our time and
this is the way it explodes I'm not
asking you for the truth because I know
you'd lie so I'm having him examine you
completely and make his own report no
have disgraced me enough now do as I say
I haven't done anything wrong I've been
a good girl
so your went to a motel don't make it
sound like a house of ill-repute mother
all we did was talk what do you want to
call another doctor to prove it
Merry Christmas mama must you persist in
making sex itself our filthy word good
lord no we will of us before you married
you you only knew that there was
something wrong and you that on our
wedding night did your wife know about
us
do you and your husband often swim on
the raw mrs. George good heavens no oh
she has left as she can why this
absolutely nothing like galloping
bare-bottomed into the sea
a boy buffalo high school but I love
going in we screw up on the roof on the
roof hmm it was one of those flat kinds
that had a stairway leading up to it she
got hot up there in the daytime you mean
mm-hmm
during my lunch hours lunch hours did
you keep doing it til I learned so you
went looking for her and you met Johnny
here and he threatened to kill you I
wouldn't have blamed you if you had it
would make it easier for you to sneak
off and sleep with his harlot of a
mother
you